Data streaming should not be considered a universal solution to all data requirements.
There are certain elements that do make a project more ideal for a data stream project.
There must be a way of producing the information that is needed.
For example, I want to know how many times
a user clicks on my website per hour in real time,
the data should be actionable in a real-time manner.
For example, I want to pop a chat bot to
users who click more than 100 times per hour on my website.
The proposed solution must provide business value.
Value is often defined as something that is worth more traded for the resources expended.
Your stake holders should agree the proposed project has merit.
Just because something is interesting,
doesn't mean it provides value to your business.